---
comments: true
date: 2016-07-17T22:24:00.0000000-05:00
description: In which our hero approaches the blog yet again
layout: post
tags:
- meta
title: First post
permalink: first-post
date_created: 2016-07-17T22:24:00.0000000-05:00
---
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
&nbsp;   
What makes for a good blog? For starters, it needs to have content.   
&nbsp;   
That seems to be the hardest part, if you’re not particularly inclined to sit down and write. Pretty big obstacle, actually.   
&nbsp;   
Let’s take it one step at a time. First I need to have someplace to write, so I’ll set up a blog. It has to have the perfect theme, too, so I’d better search around for a few hours and then finally build one from scratch. Getting kind of late… best write a quick welcome post so the site isn’t completely empty. There, that’ll do for today; tomorrow I’ll sit down and start blogging in earnest.   
&nbsp;   
…years pass…   
&nbsp;   
Setting up the blog is the fun part, at least for me. I’ve done it a dozen times.   
&nbsp;   
Starting is easy when starting something enjoyable. For now, writing is a chore. Jotting down a few notes after a flash of inspiration is a simple thing, but then there are just a few lines of scribble in my notebook and it’s drudgery to get anything done.   
&nbsp;   
I’ve read that willpower is a muscle. &nbsp;Maybe I should force myself to sit down and write? &nbsp;Nah, that’s no fun. What I need to do is reduce the barrier to entry. Some way to go straight from inspiration to blog post without all the boring in between.   
&nbsp;   
So here I am, inspirationing directly into OneNote on my phone. I’ll figure out how to publish this as a post, eventually. That’ll be fun.   
&nbsp;   
&nbsp;   
